Add additional information about lock inheritance (#27834)
WordPress/gutenberg: docs/designers-developers/developers/block-api/block-templates.md

# Templates

> A block template is defined as a list of block items. Such blocks can have predefined attributes, placeholder content, and be static or dynamic. Block templates allow for specifying a default initial state for an editor session.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A block template is defined as a list of block items. Such blocks can have predefined attributes, placeholder content, and be static or dynamic. Block templates allow specifying a default initial state for an editor session.
```

- `all` — prevents all operations. It is not possible to insert new blocks, move existing blocks, or delete blocks.
- `insert` — prevents inserting or removing blocks, but allows moving existing blocks.

> Lock settings can be inherited by InnerBlocks. If `templateLock` is not set in an InnerBlocks area: the locking of the parent InnerBlocks area is used. If the block is a top level block: the locking of the Custom Post Type is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lock settings can be inherited by InnerBlocks. If `templateLock` is not set in an InnerBlocks area, the locking of the parent InnerBlocks area is used. If the block is a top level block, the locking configuration of the current post type is used.
```
